Loading model from models\NanoLLM_20k_weights.pt...
Prompt: A brave knight went into the dark cave.
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 1]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He was so he said to find the dragon. He was bravely stepped up to defeat the dragon. He shouted to the knight in a bravely to make it was saved the dragon. The dragon stepped out and the knight fought bravely defeated the dragon's sword and the dragon was so he won.




The knight, the dragon defeated the dragon was defeated and the dragon took his hero!

The knight was so brave knight and the knight and the dragon flew away. The knight was so brave knight and the dragon smiled and the dragon flew away. The dragon was so brave knight and the dragon was so happy to the knight and the dragon saved the knight was brave knight saved the knight and the dragon and won the dragon was a hero and the knight was the knight saved the knight saved the knight. 




The dragon had saved the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight thanked the dragon and the knight and the knight. The knight saved the knight thanked the knight and the knight and the knight lived happily! He thanked the knight saved the knight and the knight and the knight were the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. 




 
And they were the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight defeated the brave knight and the knight and the knight and the knight had a hero and the knight and the knight and the knight was very happy knight and the knight and the knight.Once upon a knight.Once upon a hero was very brave knight were the kingdom lived happily. 







The knight was the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight lived happily went on their hero. The knight lived happily wore a knight went on a beautiful castle was very happy and the knight became a very happy day was famous princess!Once upon a knight and the knight and the knight and the knight lived happily ever since they were very proud and the knight.



The knight and the knight became the dragon and the knight lived happily ever since the knight and the knight and the world was very special dragon. They lived happily everyone who was a very happy and everyone in a fierce dragon and the princess and the knight lived happily!Max was very important. Even though they were the people in the knight was always looked after that day was a very happy and the knight and they lived happily married. They were very proud of their kingdom was a very important queen was very special people of the knight.










One day they were together. They were happy and their trusty kingdom was always together. They were loyal toad and their people who loved them were always wanted to perform. They had a loyal team of their people in the knight and loved to have been married and many times they were happy together.





The knight and it was always loved their lives of the knight and their kingdom was always very special and every day after that they did not only wanted their people in life. They always reminded them.Once upon a very important people of their hearts of their lives about their kingdom. Whenever they were married.Once upon a lot of them. They all of the King and their friends, and they were always united and were very important.









One day of a lot and they stayed connected with their kingdom was the people of the people who loved each other families. The kingdom.













The people of love and their people of their love and their kingdom continued to their marriage with their loyal people of the kingdom was a lot to share their support of their kind people who was happy times they lived happily married and they had a simple life and loved each other people who was always kept their lives with a special bond with their nation of their love and their friends, and it was always valued.







The people in that the people of the people were always remembered this was always kept them and each other and everyone around them too.Once upon them was always valued each other lives. They shared a place. The people of their marriage grew up because of a place and carelessly shared their lives, and was very important people.Once upon this loved each other families of the people.










One day, as they always felt so much more like this was a very important values. Everyone was happy life, and felt so much to remember this happy people.








One day, and their hearts that their hearts for many years since they knew that a good lives, and a lot to the people of the love, and the people, and the people of the world of the value of the people of kindness and each day.



The people who lived together and their love and their life and their love and they made their life. They always made them and the people were happy family and everyone in their love, and everyone in a family was always knew that something amazing life, and they always remembered the people of the people of the people were very important thing that they wanted to share the people of the people of the people of the people would always knew that love and they never stopped being reminded everyone was never left peace.

















The people of that love for all the people of their love for the people and the people of this family, and the people and their love, and the people of the world and they knew that everyone in the people who were grateful for life, of the value.Once upon them always remembered that they were happy together, and they would listen for the people of the people were united and the people of the people around them all in the people in their love and the people of the people it made their happy feelings of the nation of the people of the love, and the people of the people of the world.











The people who loved to celebrate, knowing that the people of the world. The person of the people of the little ones that a way that they all who kept them were very important value was happy and the people of the people of the people of the people that was so that everyone remembered the people in their life, and everyone's story to the people of the people of the people of their family of the people in the world around them and the people of the people they would smile and the people who lives of the people of the people were the people of the people of this nation of the people of the people of the people who shared the people of their nation. The people of the people of the nation of their love, and the people of the people who shared of the people who they shared life. 

















The people of the people were united to the people of the nation was special people of those of the people of the people of their nation of the people of the people who loved to help of the people of the people in the nation, for their smiles of the village. Everyone in the famous people of this wonderful things that were happy memories that day forward were happy because the people of the people of the people of the nation of the world, who they knew that the people from the people of the nation of the people of the people of the nation of the nation of the people of the people who the people of the people.Once upon the people of the nation were very important people that they were a little one in the nation's lives of the nation of the people of the people who lived about the nation and the people of the town and people of the nation, who were always shared the nation of the nation, who knew that even the people of the nation lived in the people of the nation. They were kind of the nation was the nation was united and people who were grateful, kind and the people who shared them were so many people in this nation. 























The people who shared the nation, and they would often and everyone in the people living in the people that everyone in this special nation of the people of the people of the nation of the nation! The people of the nation of the people who shared their nation. They were so much more that the nation of the nation was always remembered the people of the people of all of the nation was kind and everyone, who lived in their nation.























One thing the people of the people of the nation, who was a happy people of the people of the people of the nation of the nation was so many, and the people of the nation became a huge nation of the nation of the nation that even the nation, and the people of the nation was even the people of the nation of the people of the nation was a kind and the nation of the people who shared, and the nation were happy and people who had a nation became a nation became a small nation lived happily returned to the people of the nation was so much happier people were so happy people of the people of the nation.Once upon a nation, but one of the nation, and everyone in this special place that they all the nation lived in the people of the people who lived in the people of the people of the nation of the nations were very important people of the people of the nation of the people of the nation now that the nation of the nation were happy.Once upon the nation. Every night of the people who lived together in the nation were always had the people of the people of the nation. They were very happy. 



































And so many years old nation lived happily of the nation of life of the nation who were a nation of the nation and the people of the people of the nation of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the nation and the people of this day, the nation was very important people of the nation worked hard work of the nation of the people of the nation had a place.
























Everyone in the people of each other nations of the nation of the nation of the nation of this was very different people in the people of the people of all the people of the people of the people of the nation of the people of the nation were very important people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the nation was a bright and people of the people of the nation was very important people of the nation and everyone was very different people of the nation were very important nation, people of the people of the people of the people in the nation was happy people of the nation was very important people were all of the people who lived happy. 
































The people of the nation of the people of the people of the people of the people of the nation of the people of the people of the nation was happy and people of the nation of the nation and the people of the people who were very important people of the nation was very happy people of the people of the nation were so many people of all of the people in the people of the nation of the nation, the nation of the nation of the people of the people who helped those of the people of the happy people lived alone. Everyone was very important people who were never felt so many years then. 



























--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 2]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He was very brave and strong and bravely stepped into a dragon. He was very brave and faced a dragon.




The knight stepped forward and fought against the dragon breathed fire and fought the dragon with all the dragon used his strength. He fought hard and he faced the dragon and fought the brave knight and fought the knight fought the dragon with the little boy and the knight defeated the dragon.


The knight fought brave knight fought for what was the dragon and won the knight fought brave knight fought against the knight won the dragon and the dragon and fought back and the knight fought the dragon and the dragon and the dragon defeated the dragon flew away and the dragon with the knight won!



The knight and the dragon was the knight won.


The knight and the knight and the knight was very fast and the knight.


The dragon and the knight and the dragon flew away from the knight and the knight and the knight. The knight and the knight and the brave knight was the knight and the dragon was saved the knight had won the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and had saved the knight won the dragon defeated and the knight and the knight and the knight was the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight saved the knight and the knight and the knight and then the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight had defeated and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. The knight ran out of the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight to battle was the knight.






























They were happy and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knights were friends had a knight and the knight. They were very happy and the knight and the knight and their friendship and the knight and the knight and the knight.


They hugged and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess with the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They hugged each other friends. They were the knight and the knight.


















They were friends. They shared the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight.Lily."









They had a dragon. The knight. They hugged and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the princess were happy and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess. They were very They were happy and the knight.













They were very happy and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the princess.









They were the knight and the princess. They were the knight and the princess.


They played with the knight had a knight and the knight and princess. They had a knight and the castle and many other children and the princess.





They all the princess and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight. They were the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight was very happy.

















They were married.Lily and the knight and the knight and the dragon, the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the princess. They were happy, and the knight who was the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight.Lily and the knight. They had a knight and the knight and the knight.




They all their kingdom. They were the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess.






















Lily and the dragon.



The knight and the knight and the dragon. They were happy and the knight was happy and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was always had a knight and the knight and the knight and their ship was proud.



They had many other knight and princess and the knight and the knight were happy. They were very big brother and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and they had a knight and the knight. They played with the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the castle.















They were safe and the princess and the princess. They had a knight and the knight and the queen and the dragon and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight.Lila and their knight. They became friends. They lived happily ever.Tom and the princess and the dragon and the dragon and the dragon and the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the princess. They were all the knight and the dragon and the knight. They were happy. They were the knight. They had adventures and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight who were the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight. They played with the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon. They were the knight.
























The dragon and the dragon and the queen and the knight and the knight and their prince and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the dragon and the knight and the knight was strong and the castle and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the princess and the princess and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the dragon flew in the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the princess and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the princess.

















They were fast and the princess and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the queen and the knight. They said them were the knight won.





The dragon and the princess and the knight and the knight and the king and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the princess had the knight and the dragon and the knight and the princess and the knight. They had a dragon and the knight. They played together in the princess had a dragon. They had saved the dragon were very brave and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight who and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight. They had a dragon. They were happy and the princess and the knight with the knight and the princess.


















They played until they were happy and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight was happy for the knight and the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the dragon had fun and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They had fun and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the princess. They were the knight. They made a knight. They had a dragon. They were very happy.




















They were very happy and the knight and the knight. They were the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the princess and the dragon. They were both of the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight. They had the knight. They were the knight and the knight.




The dragon. They were very good. They were a knight and the knight and the knight. They had a knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess. They were both had a knight and the princess. They were good knight and the dragon and the knight and the dragon. They had a knight and the knight and the knight. They had a princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight. The knight and the dragon.























They were the dragon.

The prince and the dragon and the knight and the princess. They had fun. They were happy and the knight. They saved their knight and the knight and the dragon. They were the dragon and the knight and the dragon. They were very










They were the dragon and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight. They were very happy and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon.







They had to their mom was the knight and the dragon. They were mighty knight and the knight and the dragon. They had a dragon and the knight. They were the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the dragon had a knight and the knight, the knight and the dragon was very brave and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the dragon.














They said goodbye. The dragon and the dragon was very happy. They had a dragon and the knight and the knight and the dragon. They had saved the dragon and the dragon and the dragon. They were the dragon and the knight and the dragon.Ben and the dragon and the knight and the loyal.










They were happy and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight.








They had a very brave and the knight. They went on a knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They had a knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon had everything. They were the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight. They had a knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 3]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He had been looking for a powerful dragon. Everywhere he found a dragon was looking for a mission.


He saw a dragon. He used his sword and used the dragon, and fought dragons and fought dragons with swords and had the king fought.

The brave knight fought the dragon was in danger of the dragon roared and defeated the dragon defeated the knight and the dragon fought with the dragon.




The brave knight fought brave knight and his sword and the dragon defeated the dragon was very powerful. 
The knight fought and fought all the dragon and the knight fought the knight and defeated the knight and saved the dragon and the knight defeated the dragon and the dragon flew on a fierce dragon defeated the dragon and the knight won and all the dragon defeated the knight fought off the dragon and the knight was saved the knight was the dragon had defeat. Together, but the knight saved the knight had defeated the dragon was the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon fought away.Once upon a knight saved the dragon and the knight was very brave knight.



The dragon defeated and the knight and the dragon was defeated! Everyone cheered and of the knight defeated.







The knight defeated the knight and the knight, and the knight and the knight fought the knight and the dragon.




The knight was very brave knight won the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight lived that night they both the knight and the knight and the kingdom and the knight who gave a fight and the knight and they were the knight was now lived happily ever since they lived happily ever since then the knight and the knight and the knight was the knight and the knight was the knight and the knight was the knight and the knight and the knight. 




The knight and the knight and the knight was very happy and the knight and the kingdom and the knight was always had a beautiful knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight.Once upon a great knight were friends lived happily lived happily ever since they were very important friendship and the knight.Once upon a fierce fireman and the knight lived happily ever since they lived happily lived happily ever since, and the knight lived happily ever since the knight were the knight were very pleased.Once upon a brave knight who was always had a brave knight liked to celebrate. The knight went on many years old man from then lived in the knight and together. 








One day, the knight and the knight and the knight. They were the knight lived happily ever since they were good and the knight lived in a very brave knight and the knight and each day!Once upon an old man who lived happily married. Whenever they were best of each night they were very proud of their friendship was always together and they were very special.



One day, but one day they lived happily ever since they were always celebrated by the king and they lived together and the king and their friendship. They were the king and their kingdom. 

One day they lived in harmony. One day they decided to celebrate and their friendship was a brave knight - always together. 








One day and they had married, and they lived in the knight and the knight and the knight and the king would often met in the people in the kingdom was always together.
One day they would make their marriage. They would take long ago, but one day they both of the knight and a dragon.

The knight and the knight and their kingdom was so much stronger than ever since that day, their king and the king and the knight, when they were together. Together, and all the people in their hearts were married, and they made a young ones who was always with a young man and they had a little boy and their kingdom was never stopped to protect their kingdom was never had to beaming and the king and their happy.





The moral of the king and the people in their lives peacefully. They were safe. And from then they were now always made a reminder that their special friendship between them will always remembered the King and the people of their friendship to have been married.Once upon a happy.Once upon a brave knight and the King and the people in a small town was always made sure to this man and the people in the people had a young friend, the kingdom was the knight. 












One day, the people who lived in a big party was a powerful people of the people who was filled with love, that was a small people still loves toasty child, and people in return to the castle, and everyone who cared for many people in a hero.Once upon life and their lives far away. The king and people of the king. 









One day that made people loved their kindness to celebrate. Whenever it was one that's love, kind and unique, who was always made sure of the people who lived in the people and their kind heart.



The people who was a loyal heart was always remembered to the queen, for the people who was thankful to share the people would always celebrated with kindness and they were a bit of the people of the people of the people of their lives in return.





One day they would go on and their love for the people made many people of their hearts to celebrate that they were very special people of the people around them and would always remembered this special person who were very close their lives and they all who was a very happy and kind people of the people of the people who could trusty people of the people of the people in need to show that day, and that the people of the people who shared with kindness and the people.











And so much more. That's love and every person in the people of the kind people of the people of the people were blessed that it was very important lessons of the people of the people that love and the people of the people of the people who will always remembered the nation.One day. It was always kind and the people who always remember that all the people valued each other people who care for the symbol of the people of everyone who gave their love and the people that there to the people of this was always very special place.


















The people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people who was so much that it will always remembered the people of this day when people of the people of the people who shared the people of the people of the people of the people in the story that they would always beaming and the people of all the people of the people of this story of the story that they all the people of the people of the people of the people in the people who shared the people who shared their nation of the people who had discovered that the people of the people of the symbol of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people who shared and everyone in the nation of the people who were so much to the people who were very important value.Once they always enjoyed the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people in the people who shared their nation were always remembered to send of the people of the people who cared for the people and why the people who were thankful and that the people of the nation was happy people.Once upon the nation. They were very important people who lived in the nation.


































The people of the people of the people of the people who lived happily accepted the nation of the nation of the people who visited the people of the people that they all of the people of the people of the people of the nation of the people of the nation were so they would always remembered the people from the nation of the people of the people of the people of the nation shared their nation decided to the people of the nation of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the nation of the nation were all around the people who were so very important people who lived happily and the people who were always happy when they made a big, and everyone in the people of the people of the people of the people in the nation of the people of the nation was so many people of the people were so many people who did lots of the people of the people of the people who worked together, who lived in the people of the people in the nation were so happy things they needed help and the nation. 



























The people who were so happy people of the nation of the people of the people of this nation always had many years of the group of the nation was filled with the nation of the nation of the people who worked together, who decided to make it was a special nation of all around the people that no one of the people of the nation of the people that some of the people were able to this wonderful people of the old people of the people living lives of the nation. They became a very important people of the people who had an important people.





















The nation had a big nation were happy and people of the nation, and people, and people and everyone was very sad when they were happy people of the nation became very important work of the nation would always remembered the nation would always remembered the people of the people of the nation that they made many years, and all the people of the people of the people who loved the people in the people of the people of the nations of the people who lived happily living in the nation were the people of the nation's happy people in the nation.John and their nation.Once upon that day on the nation that the nation and the people of the nation of the nation of peace and all of the nation.Once upon what the nation. The nation made them all that everyone who lived in the people of the nation were so many years old families about the people of the people of the people of the people who found a big, everyone was very important person who were always worked hard work of the people of the people of the world around them, and they had the people. The people of the people of the people of the people who were always happy people, and many people of the nation was very important things they worked hard work of the people who were happy lives of their time they loved them. Each day.Once upon themselves. They welcomed the people who were happy and important country.






















One day of the people in the village was an important work of the people of the people of the nation of the people who came and all the people who lived in their nation. Everyone in the people of the people of the people from the people of their lives of their nation became very important and the people of their nation of the nation was happy, and shared their lives and everyone in their lives of the people of the people around them.
















The people of the nation lived near the people of the people of the people in the people of the people of the nation was a different lives of the people of their nation. They talked about how important people in their nation, and people that the nation was a very important life was happy and everyone felt a big and people in the nation became very important people
--------------------------------------------------

--- STDERR ---
Warning: You are sending unauthenticated requests to the HF Hub. Please set a HF_TOKEN to enable higher rate limits and faster downloads.
