Loading model from models\NanoLLM_20k_weights.pt...
Prompt: A brave knight went into the dark cave.
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 1]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He heard a brave knight was stuck in a big problem. The knight had to save the dragon. He used his sword and he had a sword but the knight was determined to fight for the knight was so he fought the dragon's sword to defeat the knight and the knight had no one big one of the dragon. The dragon was defeated the knight and was the knight's shield and the knight.










The knight fought very brave knight had not the knight fought the dragon used his shield. He fought the knight fought the knight defeat and the knight fought for a brave knight, with the knight to defeat was finally defeated the knight had to fight the knight defeated the shield and saved the dragon. The knight fought the knight fought and the brave knight and the knight defeated the dragon and the knight and the knight. And the knight with his knight and the dragon defeated the knight and the knight was the knight fought the knight defeated the knight with the knight fought brave knight and the knight in the knight and the knight.





The knight defeated the knight who defeated the knight and the knight defeated the knight. In the knight was the knight and the knight and the knight. The knight and the knight. The knight fought the knight was very brave knight and the knight and the knight and the knight defeated and the knight and the knight and the knight defeated the knight and the knight, defeated.

















The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was very long ago, and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. He had a brave knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight's sword and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight.















They were happy. The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the horse and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight and the knight became friends and the knight and the knight and the knight and his knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight.
















They were happy and the knight and the knight lived happily ever since then the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They wore the dragon was happy and the knight and the knight. They lived happily lived happily ever. They were best of a knight. They became friends had many more important prince had many other friends.Tim and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight, but the princess lived happily ever. They were happy. They lived happily ever. They had fun and they were the knight and the knight. They were friends. They were happy and the princess and the knight was proud and the knight was happy and the knight and the knight.Lily and the princess. They were the knight. They were very happy and they were
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 2]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He was amazed to see a sword. He had to fight the dragon. He put his sword to defeat the dragon with his sword.


The knight said, "Roar in front of the knight was ready for the dragon. If he faced a brave knight, brave knight fought the dragon. He fought the dragon. The knight fought the knight to the dragon fought brave knight fought off the dragon. The knight fought the dragon and the knight fought his sword to fight was in a knight fought the dragon was brave knight!






The knight and the dragon was able to defeat the knight defeated the knight had been brave knight fought the dragon and saved the knight and he fought the knight. The knight defeated the dragon. He fought the knight ran away safely.



The dragon was so he defeated the knight and the knight defeated the dragon and won the dragon and the dragon and he was saved the knight and the knight and the knight fought the knight and he was the knight. The knight and the knight and the knight had saved the dragon and the knight defeated.


The knight and the knight was the knight had defeated the knight saved the knight had a dragon was defeated defeated the knight and the knight defeated the knight, the dragon and the knight.






The knight and the knight who fought the knight.The boy was very brave knight and the knight. 





The knight was very brave knights fought and the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight saved the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight went away from the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight lived in the knight was a knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was happy.








The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They were very happy, and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the kingdom.



The knight and they were friends and the knight and the knight. The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was very happy and the knight and the knight and the knight. The knight lived happily went out of the knight was very happy and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight, the knight and the knight lived happily ever since that day had many times.












The knight and the knight and the knight were married and the knight. They thanked the knight and the knight. They hugged the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the people and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight became friends. They were the knight and the knight and the princess. They were happy and the knight and the knight and the prince and the knight. The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They lived happily ever since. The knight and the knight. They were the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight with the knight was very brave and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They were the knight and the knight and the knight. They were friends. They were
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 3]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He found a sword and he stepped inside. An old man who was looking for help. He looked at him. He asked the knight.


"What's eyes lit the knight said he had a shield.

"Please do not to meow the knight used a knight. Can you please. Please surrendering is a knight." 
"Yes, please."
The knight said that the knight and he needed help from the knight.
The knight, please. The knight could fight the knight asked the knight's sword was brave knight. The knight gave him to fight the knight was very brave knight gave him the knight gave the knight's sword and sword.
The knight said the knight said you must have a special sword.

The knight was the knight was defeated and thanked the knight said that he had a knight said thank you are not to fight was very brave knight.

The knight was so you have the knight and the knight had been the knight had been brave knight the knight to defeat to surrender. The knight said, but the knight was brave knight.


The knight got to surrender to surrendering to the man, brave knight and the knight was a knight.
The knight with the dragon did not hurt the knight and the knight was so the knight.
The knight and the knight was so brave knight said thank you mustaches.

The knight made a knight had to fight and he was saved the knight and the knight. From that the knight had the knight and the knight. The knight and the knight's bravery that it was very brave knight, and the knight.Once upon a knight gave him.



The knight and the knight was so the knight had an important rule: The knight and the knight had won the knight was very brave knight. 
The knight. The knight had won!Once upon a big smile. The knight had a big knight and was kind knight and the knight was the knight and the knight and the end.


From then said goodbye and the knight then the knight and he said to the knight.

The knight and the knight with the knight had a big adventure was a real knight and the knight had saved the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was very happy he had been a very brave knight said he went home. And the knight.
The knight and the knight was the knight and the knight!Once upon a prince. Everyone was happy and he went on to marry the knight and the knight thanked the knight and the knight was kind knight. He was strong man who was the knight.






The knight was very important.

The knight was very happy and mighty knight and the knight and the knight was a big brother and the knight and the brave knight had become friends. He was a knight and the knight.
The knight was very brave knight was very important important.
The knight and the knight's trusty dragon and the knight did the knight. They were the knight and the knight had a great sword. They lived happily went on the knight went on the knight and the knight was very happy and the knight was very serious knight who helped the knight and the knight and the knight, always helped the knight and the knight and the knight lived happily ever since that was a brave and they were married.Once upon a brave knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the prince and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was very important.







The knight and the knight lived happily. They lived in the knight was no longer people who was a
--------------------------------------------------
