Loading model from models\NanoLLM_20k_weights.pt...
Prompt: A brave knight went into the dark cave.
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 1]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He was looking around and faced the knight. He saw a castle was very big, dangerous. A knight was using a big dragon.



The knight fought brave knight stepped around the knight fought a dragon. The dragon was ready to defeat. He fought brave knight fought brave knight fought dragons with a sword and fought the dragon. But he shouted at the dragon shouted his sword.


The knight fought strong and fought brave knight fought the knight fought hard. He fought back and defeated the knight defeated the knight. When he fought.

The knight fought for a long battle was so far away the knight fought the knight defeated the knight fought the knight defeated the dragon defeated the dragon and he fought a sword and the knight defeated the knight defeated the dragon defeated the knight and the knight fought the princess.




The knight and the knight defeated the brave knight fought the dragon and he fought the knight defeated the knight fought the knight, but the brave knight and the knight
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 2]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He was determined to defeat the dragon! He had to fight the dragon's sword and it was so bravely defeated the dragon fought the knight. He fought the dragon. The dragon was the dragon defeated. He fought the knight was very brave knight was so quickly defeated the dragon defeated the knight defeated.









The knight defeated the dragon was the knight fought the dragon to defeat the knight defeated the dragon defeated, but the knight faced the dragon was the knight fought away. The knight defeated the dragon defeated the knight defeated the dragon and the knight was defeated the knight saved the dragon was defeated. The knight defeated, defeated and the knight and it was defeated!Once upon a very brave knight and he had to save the knight. The knight was saved the knight and the knight and the knight was successful and the knight was very brave knight had saved the knight and the knight and the knight was the knight defeated and he wore on his mighty knight and the knight was
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 3]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He saw a dragon was waiting in a big dragon! He shouted to help. The knight heard the dragon and ran in a sword. The knight got scared, but the dragon said, "I will save you and I will try to save the dragon." He used his sword. The dragon fought the dragon defeated the knight and saved the knight defeated the knight. The knight fought the dragon was so the knight, and the knight was saved the dragon's sword. The knight fought the knight and the dragon used his sword and fought until the knight saved the knight fought brave knight and saved the knight and saved the dragon! 






The knight was defeated the knight ran away and the knight and saved the knight was very brave knight and the brave knight. The knight and the dragon was defeated the knight defeated the knight and the knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight and the knight, and the knight and the knight was very brave knight and the knight and the dragon and
--------------------------------------------------

--- STDERR ---
Warning: You are sending unauthenticated requests to the HF Hub. Please set a HF_TOKEN to enable higher rate limits and faster downloads.
