Loading model from models\NanoLLM_20k_weights.pt...
Prompt: A brave knight went into the dark cave.
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 1]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He found a magical sword. He used his shield to fight the dragon's knight was very brave knight had a magical sword. He was the knight defeated the king. The knight had the knight fought the dragon fought the knight and fought away defeated the dragon was the sword to defeat the knight defeated.

The dragon and defeated the knight saved the knight defeated the sword, and the knight with the knight!





The knight defeated the knight saved the knight defeated the knight was the knight and the knight defeated the knight defeated the brave knight and the knight and all the knight and the knight ran away from the knight. The knight was saved the knight was the knight and the knight returned and the knight defeated.

The knight was defeated and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and he defeated and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight for the knight gave the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and saved the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight lived happily. Everyone in a knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. The knight and the knight saved the knight was saved the knight and the knight put the knight and the knight.













The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They were happy and the knight lived happily lived happily ever since then went on a knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the princess saved the knight was brave and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. The knight and the knight wore the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They were very happy and the knight and the knight. The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight were very much more amazing and the knight and the knight had many times. They became the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight.















The knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight were married with the knight and their game and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight became the knight and the knight and the kingdom. They became the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight were very happy. They lived happily lived happily ever. They lived happily ever. They were the knight and the knight and the knight.Ben and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight. They lived happily ever.Lila and the knight and the knight were happy.























They lived happily ever.Ben and the knight and the knight. They were happy. They fought very well. They had many other people who were the knight and the knight and the king and the knight was their friendship.



The knight and the knight fought and the princess and the knight was the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight was the princess and the knight lived happily united.


















The knight and the knight and the castle was very sad and the princess and the knight and the princess had a pirate.Lila and the knight was the knight loved each other people in the knight loved their fight was the knight was very important thing they were very big sister.

The knight was a prince and the knight and the knight was so, the knight and the people who lived in the princess.



The king and the knight were married. They lived a nice knight. They were friends came toothed the knight and the knight and the princess was the knight.





The knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the knight wore a princess, who was very happy and the knight. They were happy.











The knight and the king and the knight was very happy and their people of the people of the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight, who had a knight and the princess and the kingdom was happy and the knight and the knight and the princess and the knight and the knight and the people who lived happily ever since the knight and the knight and the knight. They were friends were married and the princess who owned the knight and the princess and the knight and the princess and the princess was very special princess.












The knight and the knight and the King and the princess
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 2]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He went inside and found a magic wand and he used his sword. The knight had a shield to fight the knight's castle and he fought the dragon. The knight fought the shield. In the dragon was so bravely defeated the dragon defeated the knight defeated the dragon was so brave knight fought the dragon free. 







The knight fought and the knight fought the knight fought the knight and he faced the knight defeated the dragon defeated the knight defeated the dragon and fought the knight defeated the knight fought the dragon was so brave knight won the knight defeated and the knight with a tall knight's sword. In his bravery and the dragon and the knight saved the dragon defeated the knight was defeated. The knight. The knight fought with the knight and the knight fought the knight defeated the knight was the knight and the knight defeated from the knight defeated the knight and the knight and the knight defeated. 


The knight and the knight was defeated and the knight and fought the knight and the knight and the knight saved the knight with the knight had saved the knight. He was even defeated. He had a knight and the knight and the knight and the knight defeated. The knight fought the knight defeated the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight thanked the knight defeated the knight!Once upon a hero. The knight, and the knight was no longer and the knight and the kingdom. Everyone was very happy.Once upon a knight shared his village was the knight was very brave knight and set off they were the knight had a big, strong and the knight. The knight and the knight wore a big castle for the knight with the knight and the knight was known as a knight's shiny sword. The knight and the knight who was a big, shiny shield was the brave knight and the knight was the knight and the knight wore his knight and the knight.Once upon a hero. The knight wore a big castle. They lived happily lived happily wore a knight and all of the knight and the knight, but the people of the knight wore a hero. They both of the knight was very strong knight.Once upon a big brother and strong and the knight and the knight. They lived in a kind princess. Everyone lived in a hero who loved them lived in a nice king. They were married. They lived happily married. They lived happily ever since that day and the knight was always made them lived in a knight, but he was the knight and the knight. They married. 
















One day after that day when the knight and everyone was very sad. The knight was very special and everyone who was very proud and they lived in a very big, and many things the knight who was very important job. They loved toasted marshmallows to their kingdom. The king. Everyone in a very important thing toothed in fact, the knight and healthy.
















The knight and the knight and the king and the people on the kingdom was very important value, the king and the knight and they lived in the knight and the kingdom was very close. The king made it was wise people of the king was very kind prince and he and the people in the people of the people in the kingdom was very happy and the kingdom was so many people of all the kingdom was very happy and the people of the kingdom was a very important people of the people who were always remembered the kingdom lived happily married. Everyone was happy and the people of their lives happily. And everyone lived ever since of the people from then all the king and the king and the people were so happy and the kingdom was a very kind and everyone was happy to the people lived happily. Everyone was very happy and everyone was very important of the people of the people of the people thanked the people of the kingdom was kind people of the king was so many people of the people of the people of the people of the people of the kingdom, and enjoyed the people they loved them.Molly man of the people of the people of the people who were very important people who lived happily married!One day.













The people of the man.










Everyone was always happy. Everyone. They had a very important part of how much more than ever since of the people who they lived happily they were very happy and everyone in the people of the people in the people of the people who lived happily ever after a very important person who lives of the people of the people of the people of the people of the people of their lives in the people of the people of the people of the people of the world.















The people of the people
--------------------------------------------------

[Sample 3]
A brave knight went into the dark cave. He had a sword, and he was the king said that he was the knight had to fight. The knight knew it was about to fight, but he was brave. 






The brave knight fought the knight fought the knight fought the knight fought hard, but the knight was strong, brave knight defeated. The knight fought with all the bad man tried to fight was determined. The knight fought evil and he fought with the knight was too.







The knight fought with the knight fought, but he was determined. He had won the knight won and he won, and the knight was the knight fought back with the knight fought and fought and the knight defeated! 

In the end. The knight was defeated, defeated the knight defeated. He defeated the knight in the knight won.

The knight fought the knight but the knight was defeated and the knight defeated.  In the knight saved. 
The knight and the knight was very brave knight and the knight won the knight and the knight defeated.
The knight won the knight won!




The knight returned the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight fought with all the knight and the knight defeated and all the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight defeated the knight was saved the knight was the knight was so much stronger and the knight won.Once upon a big and brave knight won. The knight was the knight defeated. The knight and his big, the knight won and saved the knight was very brave knight and the knight and the dragon and the knight was very brave knight was the knight and the knight was very happy and the knight and he went away. 






The knight and the knight was very happy and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight lived happily lived happily ever since then the knight lived happily ever since then went for a scary and the knight and the knight and the knight and the knight and the castle was very happy, even the knight and the knight was the knight was very happy.Once there was very happy and the knight was never fearful and the knight was happy and very proud of the knight and the knight lived. The knight.Once upon a knight. The knight had a nice, very happy and the knight, strong knight was always had a big, brave knight had a happy and the knight were always felt so happy and the knight was always felt very happy and many times of the knight was always happy. Everyone. They were very happy and the strong knight. 










The knight was always wanted to celebrate with a lot of the knight. They were the knight. Together, strong and proud that the knight and always said they were friends who was always felt like the knight and the end. They lived happily ever since they were never stopped being very successful.Once upon a lot of the knight, and everyone who was always had made the knight and everyone who knew that it felt sad that it was the knight in the knight who was always ready to beaming. 





One day they went on. Whenever the knight and the knight was always remembered the knight was proud of the knight. The knight.

The knight and everyone who was always happy and always valued the king. They would always shared his words that the knight and always made the knight was always made sure of the knight.

The knight was never wanted to have the knight and the knight and the king and the knight who was a lot.Once upon a very lucky and they had a lot of the princess. The people of the kingdom was rewarded him. The knight's heart with their village valued their kindness and the people from the people of the princess was very important value of the knight and they were very happy and the people who wore a valuable friendship.













One day, and the people of their friends. Whenever they lived happily, and the people were very sad times they were very special people living there, as a kind and the people who loved the kingdom.

The people of the people who was always remembered the people of the villagers and everyone was the people of the people who the knight and the kingdom was always made sure to this story. The people of the people of their lives and people of the people made their lives of the people who shared their friendship.Once upon a lot. The people of this village was their hearts of the kingdom, and the people of the kingdom became a lot and everyone was always loved each other people of the people of the kingdom was happy.















The people of the people who lived in their kingdom people of the kingdom was always remembered the kingdom was filled with joy and the
--------------------------------------------------
